RS: Update known issues in 6.4.2 & 6.2 release notes (#2587)
RedisLabs/redislabs-docs: content/rs/release-notes/rs-6-4-2-releases/_index.md

### Feature limitations

- RS97971 - [Resharding fails for rack-aware databases with no replication](#resharding-fails-for-rack-aware-databases-with-no-replication) (fixed and resolved as part of [v6.4.2-61]({{<relref "/rs/release-notes/rs-6-4-2-releases/rs-6-4-2-61">}})).

- RS101204 - High memory consumption caused by the `persistence_mgr` service when AOF persistence is configured for every second.

- RS40641 - API requests are redirected to an internal IP in case the request arrives from a node which is not the master. To avoid this issue, use [`rladmin cluster config`]({{<relref "/rs/references/cli-utilities/rladmin/cluster/config">}}) to configure `handle_redirects` or `handle_metrics_redirects`.

> - RS62986 - When upgrading from version 6.0.x to 6.2.x, you must restart `cnm_exec`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- RS62986 - After upgrading from version 6.0.x to 6.2.x, you must restart `cnm_exec` on each cluster node. Failure to do so will prevent more advanced state machine handling capabilities from being enabled. To restart, run `supervisorctl restart cnm_exec`.
```

> - RS102128 - In a multi-cluster setup, each `crdt_syncer` disconnects from all peered clusters when only one cluster goes down.

Author: ```suggestion
- RS102128 - In a multi-cluster setup, `crdt-syncer` on all participating clusters is restarted after one of them goes down. The `crdt-syncer` will successfully restart only if all sources are available.
```

> - RS102128 - In a multi-cluster setup, `crdt-syncer` on all participating clusters is restarted after one of them goes down. The `crdt-syncer` will successfully restart only if all sources are available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- RS51144, RS102128 - Active-Active: To start successfully, the syncer (`crdt-syncer`) must connect to all sources. In multi-cluster configurations (more than 2 A-A clusters participating), in some cases, if one or more of the clusters is not available, A-A replication will be down.
```
